add Linear docs and examples (#355)
ArcadeAI/docs: pages/toolkits/productivity/linear.mdx

# Linear

import ToolInfo from "@/components/ToolInfo";
import Badges from "@/components/Badges";
import TabbedCodeBlock from "@/components/TabbedCodeBlock";
import TableOfContents from "@/components/TableOfContents";
import ToolFooter from "@/components/ToolFooter";

<ToolInfo
  description="Enable agents to interact with Linear"
  author="Arcade"
  codeLink="https://github.com/ArcadeAI/arcade-ai/tree/main/toolkits/linear"
  authType="OAuth2"
  versions={["0.1.0"]}
/>

<Badges repo="arcadeai/arcade_linear" />

The Linear toolkit offers a streamlined set of tools for interacting with Linear's issue tracking and team management features. With this toolkit, users can:

> - Retrieve detailed information about specific issues, including their status, comments, and related dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Retrieve detailed information about a specific issue, including their status, comments, and related dependencies.
```
